feat(dev-portal): DCR credential rotation (#4405)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/dev-portal/dynamic-client-registration.md

{:.warning}
> Maintaining multiple credentials for one application is currently available only for HTTP DCR bridge.

Dev Portal admins can view credential IDs by opening an application in {{site.konnect_short_name}} and checking its **Credentials** tab. Application credential values are not visible from {{site.konnect_short_name}}, and Dev Portal admins cannot add or revoke credentials directly from {{site.konnect_short_name}}.

#### Rotate a credential

When you need to replace a credential with a new one, you can rotate the credential manually through an application's configuration page:

1. In your Dev Portal, click your profile and select **My applications**.
1. Open an application.
1. Click the **Credentials** tab.
1. Click **New Credential**.
1. Copy and save the secret somewhere safe. You won't see this key again.
1. Click **Copy and close** to save.
1. Test the new credential by using it in the same workflow as the old one.
1. When you're ready, delete the old credential:
   1. Click the **Credentials** tab.
   1. Click the action menu for the old credential.
   1. Select **Revoke**.
   1. Enter `revoke`.
   1. Click **Revoke**.

> To manage credentials using the Portal API, see the [`/portals/{portalId}/applications/{applicationId}/credentials`](/api/konnect/portal-management/v3/#/operations/get-application-credentials) endpoint.

Reviewer: There are some changes needed to make sure that the HTTP DCR bridge setup supports credential rotation. The updated endpoints are documented here: https://github.com/Kong/konnect-portal-dcr-handler/blob/main/openapi/openapi.yaml (this spec will be published on GA)

Maybe we add language that recommends - Portal admin must ensure that the HTTP DCR bridge supports credential rotation based on this spec.

> To manage credentials using the Portal API, see the [`/portals/{portalId}/applications/{applicationId}/credentials`](/api/konnect/portal-management/v3/#/operations/get-application-credentials) endpoint.

Author: ```suggestion
Developers can also manage their application credentials using the [Portal API](/api/konnect/portal-management/v3/).

To make sure that their developers have access to the credential API endpoints, Dev Portal admins must ensure that the HTTP DCR bridge supports credential rotation based on the provided API spec.
```
